📖 Add instructions for kind v0.8.x (#3180)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/developers.md

The Docker provider is not designed for production use and is intended for development environments only.

> [kind] is not designed for production use.

Reviewer: I would suggest dropping this statement because it is a duplication of the previous one

**Minimum [kind] supported version**: v0.7.0

> **If you are using v0.8.0+ you must export the variable `KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you are using v0.8.0+**: you must export the variable `KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK=bridge`
```

> **If you are using v0.8.0+ you must export the variable `KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK`**

Reviewer: For sake of simplicity, I would drop this note given that we are making this point down in the doc

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: note dropped

    type: InfrastructureProvider
```

> <aside class="note warning">

Reviewer: Given that now there is a tab for v0.8, the content of this warning can be moved there

Author: done

        containerPath: /var/run/docker.sock
EOF
```
- Run `kind create cluster --config kind-cluster-with-extramounts.yaml` to create the management cluster using the above file

- Run `kind load docker-image gcr.io/k8s-staging-cluster-api/capd-manager-amd64:dev` to make the docker provider image available for the kubelet in the management cluster.

- Run `clusterctl init` command provided as output of the local-overrides hack.

{{#/tab }}
{{#tab v0.8.x}}

> - Export the **KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK=bridge** because so kind and CAPD are going to create containers in the same network (Since **kind v0.8.0**, kind by default is creating the containers in the **kind** network while CAPD is creating them in the **bridge** one)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Export the **KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK=bridge** so kind and CAPD can create containers in the same network. Since **kind v0.8.0**, kind by default creates the containers in the **kind** network while CAPD is creating them in the **bridge** one.
```

Author: done

- Run `kind create cluster --config kind-cluster-with-extramounts.yaml` to create the management cluster using the above file

>   if you are using kind v0.8.0+

Reviewer: What about reordering things so setting the env variable is the step before create cluster?

- Run the following command to create a kind config file for allowing the Docker provider to access Docker on the host:
```bash
...
```
- If you are using kind v0.8.0+, make sure that the management cluster and the workload cluster are created on the same network
```bash
  export KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK=bridge
```
- Run `kind create cluster --config kind-cluster-with-extramounts.yaml` to create the management cluster using the above file

Reviewer 3: Might be worthwhile to add tabs here and split between v0.7.x (first/default) and v0.8.x

Reviewer 2: Could we also add a simple reason as to why this change is needed? That is, what does setting that variable do.

Author: added both tabs and simple reason

        containerPath: /var/run/docker.sock
EOF
```
- Run `kind create cluster --config kind-cluster-with-extramounts.yaml` to create the management cluster using the above file

- Run `kind load docker-image gcr.io/k8s-staging-cluster-api/capd-manager-amd64:dev` to make the docker provider image available for the kubelet in the management cluster.

- Run `clusterctl init` command provided as output of the local-overrides hack.

{{#/tab }}
{{#tab v0.8.x}}

> - Export the **KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK=bridge**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export the **KIND_EXPERIMENTAL_DOCKER_NETWORK=bridge** because so kind and CAPD are going to create containers in the same network (Since **kind v0.8.0**, kind by default is creating the containers in the **kind** network while CAPD is creating them in the **bridge** one)
```

Author: done
